[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are talking about disclosure
with Randy Veitenheimer.
Now, Randy is an
explorer, and a researcher
of human consciousness
and existence,
and a mentor and colleague
of mine for many years.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>> RANDY VEITENHEIMER:
Hello, Emery.
>> EMERY: Randy, Disclosure has
been going on since the 1950s.
Now, where has it gotten us?
From 1950s to today,
what was the strategy?
>> RANDY: The idea is, you
would interrupt a disruptive
narrative or a disruptive
body of knowledge.
Think about it as
introducing a new religion,
and the effects of that, and
what that would do to society.
If you were concerned
about that--
and the US government was.
There were several
programs and articles--
research that was done.
What would happen if the aliens
landed on the White House lawn?
And how it would destroy the
narratives of our religions.
It would destroy the narrative
of our existence, of where
we came from, of what
our place in the universe
is, forget about our
place in society.
And, of course, those
are the basic questions
that we're trying to
answer through Disclosure.
The things that the
government researched back
in the late '30s,
'40s, '50s was,
how would you integrate
this information?
The people in charge of
those research projects
came up with that it would
be detrimental for humans
to know that there
was alien life,
or that there were
other existences
or aspects to the universe.
and so it became a big problem.
So the immediate action
that came into play
was to deny it all.
We know this with
our airline pilots.
For 50 years, they've been
told, you did not see a UFO.
It's like back to Star Wars.
"These are not the droids
you're looking for."
These are not the UFOs you saw.
And don't report them.
Don't say nothing
or we'll can you.
And you can find all
of this information.
And it's like, well, that would
indicate some sort of a program
or coordinated effort to
limit the knowledge that's
available to us.
There were people that
said, no, no, no, humanity
can handle the answer
that we're not alone.
They can handle the
answer that there's
abilities to advance ourself
in science and technology way
beyond where we are now.
And I've been lucky
enough to work
with some of those
scientists over the years.
We were doing things
back in the '70s
that they're just now
starting admit, well, it
might be possible.
Ultimately, we would
say that the government
is controlling it.
But we have influencers.
And so any information that
becomes out into society
becomes something that
either needs to be accented
or something needs to be
controlled or eliminated.
And we can find all
kinds of technologies
where this has happened.
In the '60s, I was driving a
car that got 40 miles a gallon.
And right now, they
go, hey, this car
gets 36 miles to the gallon.
>> EMERY: What a bargain.
>> RANDY: Yeah.
And we're talking 50
years of advancement.
And that's no
advancement at all.
Well, the same thing is true
in the electric generation
they said in the other.
Historically, what they allow--
and this is what most
of the scientists
and anybody out there knows--
is that you can
present something
that's 10% better
than what's existing.
You can present
something that's 15%.
But you cannot
present something,
or develop a technology,
and present it to society,
that moves beyond the
current paradigm, like 100%.
It's like, no.
>> EMERY: What happens when
the countries and politics get
involved?
China just announced they're
going to have a base on Mars
in 2025.
Elon Musk is saying it's going
to be a little bit longer.
When you have this
power control of,
who's going to
get to Mars first,
using these newer
technologies that
are going to have to come out
to do it, what's that endgame?
>> RANDY: Well, it's the
concept of hierarchy.
OK?
Who's number one in the world.
Here we go.
>> EMERY: Here we go again.
>> RANDY: Right?
Who's number one?
Well, it depends
on where you are.
If I'm German, Chinese,
India, United States--
just pick somebody,
and we're number one.
The whole idea of
hierarchy in that aspect
is just like what we
did with the Soviets.
The Soviets put up Sputnik and
they said, we're the first.
We're the first to have
something in space.
We actually had one a couple
of years in advance of that,
but we don't talk about that.
Remember, the
sequestering and denial.
Then, well, we need to get
to the moon before them.
What makes you
think there wasn't
a Russian landing before ours?
Because the Russians don't
talk about their mistakes.
And we don't either, by the way.
So what you have is this ongoing
sequester, denial, and ongoing,
"now, let's develop it."
And it's the same
thing with people
that come in with tangential
information flows that
are counterintelligence.
They're moving in that
information or those people
so that you begin to
doubt yourself, or begin
to doubt the technology,
or nobody believes you,
or they find fault
with you because you
didn't have good grades in
high school or something.
I mean, it's always--
they make something.
Because they have to
attack the individual.
They can't attack
the information.
When they can't attack
the information then,
basically, I'm an idiot,
or you're an idiot,
or something's going on.
>> EMERY: Is it in the
interest of the corporations
to disclose?
>> RANDY: No.
>> EMERY: Because they
wouldn't benefit, right?
>> RANDY: Right.
So what happened is,
in the United States,
we made corporations
individuals.
You can find all of this.
And so a corporation
has individual rights,
as defined by the
Constitution, let's say.
And if, as an owner
of a corporation,
I have shareholders, I
have beneficial intent
to my shareholders.
That's the language.
If I fail to do that, then
I'm acting in bad faith
and I'm guilty of
fiduciary responsibilities.
So if a corporation engages
in technological research,
they have a fundamental
responsibility
to their shareholders.
If you're not a
shareholder, they
don't have a
responsibility to you.
If we say the United
States government--
or any government--
has responsibility
to its shareholders,
to its citizens,
then, well, each individual
has their own responsibilities,
too, for their own well-being.
It's not just the governments.
But corporations are
in a unique place
to be able to determine
not only what's
beneficial for their
shareholders, but again,
at what pace do they want
to feed this stuff out?
They can say, next
quarter, I'm going
to make a little more money.
Three quarters
from now, I'm going
to introduce an
electric car and make
a ton more money, and then--
you see what I mean?
>> EMERY: How would you get
something just undisclosed
and out to the public since
we can't use the corporations?
What I would do is, I
would develop something
that I knew it was
going to be a problem--
that the government and
corporations have a problem.
And then I would find a
really good organization.
>> RANDY: OK.
Yes.
I like that.
And a couple of things.
Number one, your
example of cell phones.
The cell phone technology--
Apple just introduced
their last cell phone.
What makes you think that
next cell phone doesn't exist?
And the one after it,
and the one after it?
And so we would say, how
many modules are they ahead?
And the answer is,
they're probably seven--
at least seven-- iterations
ahead of where they are now.
Now, if they introduce the
seventh iteration right now,
tomorrow, what happened to 10,
11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16?
Each one of those is capable
of making a lot of money.
So there's no advantage to
hopscotching and advancing
the technology that fast--
from a financial
standpoint, but not
from a beneficial standpoint.
Because technology
benefits humans.
And when you lose
sight of that is
when you create the problems.
So the cell phone technology
is very appropriate.
That's what's going on
with the corporations,
their fiduciary
responsibility, and why
that is where the action is.
It's who was hiring
you to do the work
in the projects, or Los Alamos,
or wherever else I've been.
The second part of
that is that I've
worked with other scientists,
and literally 15, 20 years ago,
we came up a new
zero-point technology.
And it's just so
simple it's stupid.
And that's the way
most advances are.
Because it's an "a-ha" moment.
It's just field
capture of the energy
flowing through an
armature or flowing
through an electric wire.
That's the easiest
way to look at it.
Energy flows through a human,
we get an energy field.
Electricity flows
through a wire and we get
a little electromagnetic field.
And we can tap into that.
And we do that.
And birds do it.
It's not, oh, my god,
some secret knowledge.
But one of the things that
working with the physicists I
was working with,
and mathematicians--
we introduced it to University
of Pittsburgh, I believe--
we'll say.
And they said it's not
possible because it
doesn't fit the current
theory of thermodynamics
and electricity.
And then we introduced it
to a Japanese corporation.
And I'll mention them.
They had, say, 1,000 7-Elevens.
And we're going like, we
just put this device in
and it cuts your energy
usage down to about 20%.
And they freaked out.
Now, if we told them
we could cut 20%,
we would have probably
got the funding.
But when we told
them we could cut it
to 20%, that's not possible.
See?
The denial comes in.
Because if you can't
comprehend the technology,
you have no business
condemning it.
And that's what we have.
We have all of these experts
to condemn any new technology,
any new idea, because
if it doesn't--
if it comes out too
fast, then you've
cheated somebody out of
their corporate profits.
That's one way to look at it.
And that's that
whole denial group,
the ones that would sequester.
And it became very powerful.
And that's why it's
so well-funded,
and that's why we don't see
the advances we should see.
I mean, cancer treatment
has been the same
for the last sixty years.
If you think about
the amount of money
that has been spent
on cancer research,
and you tell me there's
been no advancement?
Chemotherapy and radiation.
It beggars the imagination.
>> EMERY: That's terrible.
>> RANDY: Now, that's
just cancer research.
Think about-- we could go
down a list a mile long.
And it makes no sense.
It's nonsensical.
>> EMERY: Who is
suppressing that?
>> RANDY: And that's
what we're seeing.
Yeah.
>> EMERY: Who is
suppressing this, then?
All of this-- we
know corporations
do not want us coming out
with these advancements
that quickly because
they'll lose the money.
Or, if we do come out
with them, they'll use it
and you don't get
to save the money.
The end user, as far as
we are all concerned here,
we don't get it.
>> RANDY: Yeah.
We do not benefit.
The benefit is doled out
like you would feed the dog.
>> EMERY: And who is that?
Who do you think that--
>> RANDY: Well, I think it's
an amalgamation of a mindset.
I think that, once you
reach a certain point
in the corporate
structure, and--
what do we say?
You get so many
followers or something.
But once you have so
many people involved,
for you to become disruptive
is to hurt yourself.
And corporations won't do that.
They're not interested.
But one of the things
that people go, well,
how come this technology
is not available?
Well, it's very simple.
People would come
and say, well, I
would like one of these devices.
And I go, well, there's
only one or two.
We have prototypes.
And they go, well,
release it to the world.
I love that language.
Why don't we release
it to the world?
>> EMERY: Oh, right.
I get that a lot.
>> RANDY: And here's a
quarter million dollars.
And it's like, OK.
I've got $100 million
in unfunded research
and development.
I need about--
General Motors
spent $3.5 billion
to develop five plants
to develop cars.
And you want me
to produce devices
that Westinghouse used
to, or anybody else--
General Electric-- the
infrastructure to develop that
is phenomenal.
Watch this.
I'm going to stand up tomorrow
and go into the New York Stock
Exchange.
And I said, I have
a company that
has the ability to reduce
energetic needs of any kind
of electrical devices by 80%.
And then all I need
is about $300 million
to bring it to market.
And they go, who are you?
And then you go, well, I'm
one of those fringe people.
And I've built the
thing, but I don't
have the academic
background that you
would accept to make it valid.
And that's how they control it.
>> EMERY: That's so true.
>> RANDY: And it's sad.
>> EMERY: It is.
It's very sad.
And we've both
been through that.
>> RANDY: Oh, yeah.
>> EMERY: Many times.
But getting back to
the UFOs, the crafts,
this falls into
this type of energy.
They're working
off of this energy
that we're talking about here.
And the disclosure of that, I
think the audience should know,
if we do disclose
anti-gravitic craft,
or if the craft that we have
found gets to the surface
and we show everyone, the first
thing that they're going to ask
is, how did it get here?
What propulsion units?
Because it wasn't gas,
coal, and oil, right?
So I think if you're
proving that existence.
I think it'll be really
problematic for big gas, coal,
and oil, because we're not
going to need it anymore, right?
>> RANDY: Well, at
a certain level,
we don't need it right now.
>> EMERY: Right.
We don't need it.
Of course.
>> RANDY: Yeah.
The technology out
there right now is--
everything could
be converted over.
What's the ramifications that?
You would basically
destroy the US economy
during the switchover for a
period of about four years.
And that's going to be ugly.
There is a vested interest in
not giving out the technology
too fast or too much.
>> EMERY: But if they
were to disclose the ET,
UFO phenomena tomorrow,
they could do it slowly,
couldn't they?
>> RANDY: Yes.
>> EMERY: Why couldn't-- it
should be a choice that they
have.
>> RANDY: Well, that would
be a free and open society.
So the answer is yes.
That technology exists.
Why wouldn't-- well, now we
have the fiduciary interest.
And the ideal of, how
can I make money on it,
as supposed to,
well, here you go.
>> EMERY: Of course.
>> RANDY: Here's a solar
cell, or here's something else
to that effect.
The problem becomes that the
questions that you need to ask,
or that will be asked,
become unanswerable
by our current
socioeconomic model.
That's the answer.
And nobody knows how to fix it.
Nobody knows how to advance
it, to introduce new subjects,
new ideals like that.
If I introduced a cure
for cancer tomorrow,
I'd probably be shot, because
there's so much money involved.
People don't want
to accept that.
They think, well, it's
a conspiracy theory.
Well, try this one.
Every society in the world,
in the last 2,000 years,
has had a treatment for cancer.
But you're not allowed
to practice those.
If you come up with
a sterling engine,
you come up with a
Tesla-type engine,
I mean, you're not allowed
to present that to the world
because it would
be too disruptive.
And you go, well, who
says it's too disruptive?
Again, I think it's
more of a-- there's
this suppression that exists
by virtue of self-benefit.
Once you toss self-benefit
out the window, then the idea
you would benefit everyone.
And, of course, that's
called free and open society,
where everybody is able to
develop that and present it
to society and see
if they want it.
But if you went
out today and said,
hey, all of the religions
in the world that
have existed up to this
point, which is about 4,600
or something--
and now we have information
that invalidates that.
And they don't want that.
And then we would go, well, why
does it need to invalidate it?
You can believe what you want.
It's kind of like, you can
go to the doctor you want.
You can have whatever
belief system you want.
But don't deny what's
available because it conflicts
with your belief system.
>> EMERY: And then we see
information slowly dripping out
and we think we're
getting somewhere,
and then they cover it up with
some other disinformation.
And then they cover that
up with disinformation.
Then we all get
confused with what's
really going on out there.
But what is that
distraction about?
>> RANDY: Well, it's
called deflection.
Let's say I get on
the path of pursuit
of a certain body
of information,
or knowledge, or technology.
And if I can deflect
you, if I can create
a financial issue for you--
economic-- if I can create
a health hazard for you,
if I can give you a cold, if
you ask how I would do it--
how would you like to have a
cold for two months, chemically
induced?
How would you like to have
your finances disrupted?
How would you like to
get a speeding ticket,
and you weren't
even in that state?
You see what I mean?
There's all kinds
of things where
I throw you off your game.
And when I do that, I'm
just slowing you down.
I think the problem occurs in
that sequestering and denial
of information and advancement
is to slow it all down.
I mean, that's the only point.
Because it is going to come out.
The information density,
again, of all these things
is becoming too great.
It's kind of like trying to
stop the holes in the dyke.
It becomes impossible,
at a certain point.
And they basically tear the wall
down and say, OK, there you go.
And you're like, wait,
everybody back up.
For 30 years, there's been
a freaking wall there,
and now you're telling
me, oh, it's no problem.
You can go back and forth.
We've experienced that.
Think about that from
a technological aspect.
Now we can go there.
So people that want
to advance all this,
jump in and do your own
research, and pick a project,
and have at it.
And what you're going
to do is spend your time
and spend your money.
And I tell people,
don't bankrupt yourself
like we've done several times.
But you'll have hits and misses.
I mean, like the devices
in North Carolina
we looked at, and in
Florida, and in Virginia.
And those didn't work.
It was just a scam.
Now you have somebody
coming in and going,
oh, yeah, I know how to do
this, and here's my device.
But it didn't work.
It's just, give me a
whole lot of money.
And what I've done
is taken money out
of the pool that would have
been available to people
who would have done it.
And that's what we see
in cancer research and--
I mean, like I said, a lot of
technologies are out there.
>> EMERY: Are the budgets
greater for suppression than
the actual research?
>> RANDY: Uh-huh.
Because that's how
we get to today.
Now, we have a conundrum.
Now, we have a problem.
The sequestering budget
has become so big that
they've short-changed
the development side--
the research and
development side.
Research and development
is raising hell about it.
They want to bring
out the technology.
And this is any corporation.
Any R&D department wants to
bring out what they know.
They're excited about
what they found out.
And then you have the legal,
and the financial, and everybody
goes, no, we decide.
We decide when that technology.
When I was at Edwards,
back in the '70s,
the planes I was
looking at out there,
and the flight technology,
it's like, 10 years ago, I
finally saw one of those.
And I tell people,
you think in 40 years,
there's been no advancement?
The SR-71 was supposedly
built in 112 days--
or 104 days,
something like that--
from start to finish.
I can tell a lot
of whoppers, too.
But that's the first
example of a technology
coming into existence where
there weren't any stops.
There wasn't anybody
saying, we can't do this,
or you shouldn't do this.
But look how long it took
to reveal that technology--
30 years, 40 years?
And here we are again.
We sell planes to the Saudis,
and all around the world,
and go, this is the latest,
greatest jet fighter.
Remember the cell phones?
Where's iteration
42, 3, 4, 5, 6?
You think those don't exist?
That R&D budget, now we know
why the federal deficit,
or why all these corporations--
because if you did forensic
accounting on some of
these corporations,
on JPL and General Dynamics--
I mean, I go to Rand
Corporation on Hughes Air.
It would-- first of all,
you would never get anywhere
with it, because
they would never
want that knowledge known.
>> EMERY: Randy, why do
you think there's been more
disclosure drips over the
past couple of years than ever
before?
>> RANDY: If you think
about suppressing technology
and the effort required, and
you look at the expansion
of knowledge in the last
30 years, last 20 years,
last 10 years, and then just the
last 5, forget about doubling.
It's off the freaking
charts as far
as how much knowledge
is coming into play.
And if you think
about trying to hold
that knowledge in the dark,
you can't do it anymore.
Now, there's no
choice but disclosure.
There's no choice at all.
>> EMERY: You don't believe the
government will have some huge
disclosure event?
>> RANDY: No.
I don't-- you're looking
in the wrong place.
>> EMERY: Yeah.
I don't see that happening.
>> RANDY: No.
The diffusion of
that information
is what we say
across the boards.
We have some.
The Chinese have some.
England has some.
AI development.
Oh, United States, IBM, and
all of these people, DU5 wave.
England has an AI program.
China has an AI program.
Hong Kong does, Taiwan.
They're all over the place.
And when the cat's out of the
bag, when somebody actually
gets to the event,
then everybody's
going to jump in and
go, oh, yeah, me too.
Oh, yeah.
I know that.
We've done that.
And up until that event
happens, everybody
goes, oh, no, we don't
know anything about this.
Again, we're back to, when the
aliens land on the White House
lawn, everybody goes,
oh, yeah, I knew that.
I think they're up
against the wall.
I think that we already
have disclosure.
It's just that this narrative
of wanting other people
to verify it is ridiculous.
I've seen UFOs.
Have you?
>> EMERY: A few, in my time.
>> RANDY: Uh-huh.
Right?
Nobody can deny that.
They can make fun of you
for having seen them.
But the reality
is, I've seen them.
That's it.
It's something that doesn't
need to be verified.
It doesn't need to have
a certificate from the US
government that said
I did or did not.
That's just wrong.
Now we say we have a
group of enthusiasts--
UFO enthusiasts.
We had a cult, but
now we're enthusiasts.
So there's some advancement.
>> EMERY: Well, why do you
think the government now is kind
of entertaining it?
Because it's just not
a couple of people.
You have them making statements
about, the Navy is allowed to,
and pilots are now allowed
to report these things.
Which is sad, to know that
they've kind of admitted
that they weren't allowed to.
The corporations, that is.
And now it's OK.
>> RANDY: OK.
If you go to the US
government and say,
tell me about UFOs, who
is going to respond?
Who has the-- what
do you call it?
There is a policy.
I don't remember the language.
>> EMERY: No, I know
what you're saying.
Yeah.
>> RANDY: I have the
ability to respond to that.
And you see it in our poli--
I cannot respond to that.
>> EMERY: Right.
I love that.
>> RANDY: "I can neither
confirm or deny."
We hear all that.
Here's the deal.
In 1947, when those
crafts were first found--
if there were any--
the general in the Army
picked up the debris,
or picked up the--
>> EMERY: The aluminum
foil and stuff.
>> RANDY: Yeah.
They picked up the
game, we'll call it.
Where did they transfer it?
They transferred it to the
Navy up in Illinois or Indiana.
The Office of Naval
Intelligence is
who you would ask about UFOs.
I mean, that's it.
Now, do you think
ONI is going to go,
well, hey, Emery,
I'm glad you asked.
NDA.
You're not entitled
to that information.
You don't have access.
That's a secret access program.
That's a CIA--
I mean, ugh, right?
They're not going to tell you.
And we go, well,
I'm not authorized
to tell you-- if I was them.
And then we go, well,
who is authorized?
And there you go to
the pure existence
of black holes in the universe.
>> EMERY: Right.
Try that door over there.
No, that one.
And you just get
the whole runaround.
>> RANDY: Yeah.
ONI became the repository
of that information,
that research, that development.
And then you have DARPA
coming into existence, ARPA
before that.
DARPA.
And so you have a whole
group of vested interest
in maintaining a smooth
flow, a non-disruptive,
an even society.
And it doesn't work for humans.
We're much more geared to these
huge leaps of advancement.
And you have not seen
them in the last 30 years.
That's what I would say.
>> EMERY: Randy,
fascinating information.
Thank you for being on the show.
>> RANDY: Thank you, Emery.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith,
and this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]